# Secure-Network
This is a small secure network I have created in Cisco Packet Tracer. The reason I've done this is for my own learning purposes, and also to demonstrate my knowledge when it comes to network security. 

This secure network was created using the NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) as a guideline. I’ve implemented VLANs, which ensure network segmentation and isolation. Additionally, I’ve implemented a firewall to protect against unauthorized access and contribute to secure network management. In conjunction with the firewall, I’ve implemented Access Control Lists (ACLs) to control access at both network perimeter and internal segments. Furthermore I have enabled SSH for secure remote access so that the network aligns with the Zero Trust model to make sure remote access is authenticated and encrypted. Also, password protections have been implemented to ensure only authorized users have access to critical network systems. After implementing all of these security controls, I tested each one to make sure they are running properly. This is a simple network designed for a small company. It includes a Human Resources (HR) department and a Finance department. The software used for this project is CISCO Packet Tracer. This project is for my own education and to demonstrate my ability to understand and build a network in a cybersecurity context.

If you want to see specifically how I created this network you can open the PDF in the repository for a step by step walkthrough, and you can also download the packet tracer file in the repository to look at the network itself. Thank you.
